report
report_title            :string
create_time	            :datetime
web_publish_time	    :datetime
report_type	            :string
report_url              :string
stock_code              :string
rating                  :string
target_price            :float
source                  :string
scrape_time             :datetime
target_increase_lower   :float
target_increase_upper   :float
benchmark               :string
target_time_lower       :float
target_time_upper       :float
org                     :references
high                    :float
low	                    :float
close                   :float
right                   :float
--timestamps false
